Add syntax for non maximal implicit arguments (#11235)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/gallina-extensions.rst

   To know which are the implicit arguments of an object, use the
   command :cmd:`Print Implicit` (see :ref:`displaying-implicit-args`).

> 

Reviewer: Documentation of this warning should not be removed, but should instead be changed to be documenting an error.

Author: This is the case but I moved it, see  lines 1586 to 1592:
```
.. exn:: Argument @ident is a trailing implicit, so it can't be declared non maximal. Please use %{ %} instead of [ ].

   For instance:

   .. coqtop:: all fail

      Fail Definition double [n] := n + n.
```

   function is partially applied and the next argument of the function is
   an implicit one.

Combining manual declaration and automatic declaration
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

When some arguments are manually specified implicit with binders in a definition

> and the automatic declaration mode in on, the manual implicits are added to the

Reviewer 2: Thanks for contributing this section which was missing.

```suggestion
and the automatic declaration mode in on, the manual implicit arguments are added to the
```

> automatic ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
automatically declared ones.
```
(??)
